# MedFit
The MedFit project is a comprehensive web-based medical and fitness application that aims to empower users to take control of their health and wellness. MedFit aims to simplify the process of scheduling and managing doctor appointments for patients and also focuses on tracking their health metrics.
This application will provide a user-friendly interface for patients to search for doctors near their locality, search doctors based on their specialization, search nearby hospitals, view doctors availability, book desired slots and schedule appointments online.
The Doctor Appointment web application portal will also allow patients to manage their appointments, view their appointment history, and receive reminders for upcoming appointments. The application will also provide a feature for patients to rate their experience and provide feedback for the doctors.
Doctors will also have access to a dashboard to manage their schedule, view their appointment history, and receive patient feedback. The application will provide an easy way for doctors to manage their schedule and reduce no-shows by providing reminders and confirmation features.
The MedFit project will also include a community platform for users to connect with each other and share their progress, which will not only provide a sense of accountability but also a support system. The AI based Health Assistant will help users to monitor their health, the health vault where users can manage their health records at one place and lot more unique functionalities.
